 Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to watch movies with her family. They would sit at the lively table and eat popcorn. One day, Lily's dad had to go to work, so he left a film on the table for Lily.

Lily was so excited to watch the film that she started to clap her hands. She loved the sound of the crunchy sound. When she finished, she asked her dad to watch the film again.

Suddenly, the TV turned on and the movie started to play. Lily was so happy and clapped her hands to show off her favorite show. Her dad smiled and said, "I love watching movies with you, Lily." And they laughed together as they watched the lively movie.

=====

 Once upon a time, there was a boy named Timmy. Timmy loved to eat candy, but his mom told him not to eat too much because it was sour. Timmy promised his mom that he would not try to eat too much candy.

One day, Timmy's friend came over to play. Timmy showed his friend all the candy he had in his pocket. His friend was very jealous and wanted to eat candy too. Timmy told his friend not to lie and to just have a little bit.

But his friend didn't believe him and ate all the candy anyway. Timmy didn't care and ate all the candy. His mom was very angry and sent him to bed early.

Timmy felt very sad and realized that lying was not worth it. He learned that it's better to listen to his mom and not take things that don't allow him.

=====

 Once upon a time, there was a little girl named Lily. She loved to draw and color all day long. One day, her mommy gave her a big, soft pillow to sleep on. Lily was so happy because she loved her pillow. 

She cuddled up with her pillow and started to draw a picture. Her mommy saw her drawing and said, "Wow, Lily! That's a beautiful picture of the pillow!" Lily smiled and said, "Thank you, mommy!" 

Later that day, Lily went to the park with her friend, Emily. They played on the swings and slide. When it was time to go home, Lily's mommy asked, "What did you draw at the park?" Lily showed her mommy her drawing and her mommy said, "That's a lovely design, Lily. You're such a good artist!" Lily felt proud of her mommy and the beautiful pillow she had taken to the park.